README.md, before:

# Social-Network-API

## Description


## Table of Contents

- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Snapshot](#snapshot)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Technologies

The following technologies are used to build this application

- express.js


## Installation

Instructions for Installation:
this a public repo that can be clone to local machine by following the gitHub link, and install Node.js to your machine then from your command line npm i to install the following npm dependancies
{
"jest": "^27.5.1"
}

## Usage

after installation Routes can be tested and put to use with insomnia.

## Snapshot

![project screenshot]("./assets/images/")


[Video]("")

## License

The project is licensed under MIT.

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

[More Info](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/)

## Contributing

If you like to contribut for this project please follow The Contributor Convenant guidelines.

## Tests

## Questions

Please don't hesitate to reach out to us if you have any questions.

Yohans Getaneh

GitHub: https://github.com/yohans14/Profile-Generatore


Email: yohans14@yahoo.com

Commit message:

index.js to run the application and template for page render

README.md, after:

# Profile Generatore

## Description

This is a command-line application that accepts user input to generate a webpage to display a team's basic info so teams can have a quick access to all teams emails, gitHubs profiles. 

## Table of Contents

- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Snapshot](#snapshot)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Technologies

The following technologies are used to build this application

- express.js
- node
- inquirer

## Installation

Instructions for Installation:
this a public repo that can be clone to local machine by following the gitHub link, and install Node.js to your machine then from your command line npm i to install the following npm dependancies

    {
    "inquirer": "^8.2.2"
    "jest": "^27.5.1"
    }

## Usage

After installation applicaton can be used to create team profile.

## Snapshot

![project screenshot](./assets/images/Team_Profile.png)
![project screenshot](./assets/images/terminal_prompt.png)


[Video]("")

## License

The project is licensed under MIT.

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

[More Info](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/)

## Contributing

If you like to contribut for this project please follow The Contributor Convenant guidelines.

## Tests

## Questions

Please don't hesitate to reach out to us if you have any questions.

Yohans Getaneh

GitHub: https://github.com/yohans14/Profile-Generatore

Email: yohans14@yahoo.com
